[Security][Attack Discovery][9.5 & Serverless] Document the attack details flyout Overview tab (Visualizations + Insights) (#7596)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/ai/attack-discovery/manage-discoveries-from-attacks-page.md

:screenshot:
::::

Below the summary, the Attacks table lists individual attacks. Expand an attack to see involved entities and steps in the attack chain. Open an attack to view its details in a flyout.

### View discovery details in the flyout [attack-discovery-details-flyout]

```{applies_to}
stack: ga 9.5+
serverless:
  security: ga
```

When you open an attack, its details appear in a flyout. The attack title, status, alert count, assignees, and notes appear in the flyout header. On the **Overview** tab, the discovery information is organized into the following expandable sections:

* **Attack Summary**: Contains the LLM-generated summary of the potential threat and a **Background** section with additional details.

> * **Visualizations**: Contains an **Attack Chain** diagram that maps the attack to [MITRE ATT&CK](https://attack.mitre.org/) tactics. Expand or collapse this section to show or hide the diagram; your choice persists across sessions.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Visualizations**: Contains an **Attack Chain** diagram that maps the attack to [MITRE ATT&CK](https://attack.mitre.org/) tactics. 
```

> * **Insights**: An expandable section with **Entities** (related users and hosts) and **Correlation** (related alerts) panels. Select a panel to open a child flyout with full details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Attack Summary**: Contains the LLM-generated summary of the potential threat and a **Background** section with additional details.
* **Visualizations**: Contains an **Attack Chain** diagram that maps the attack to [MITRE ATT&CK](https://attack.mitre.org/) tactics. Expand or collapse this section to show or hide the diagram; your choice persists across sessions.
* **Insights**: Contains the **Entities** (related users and hosts) and **Correlation** (related alerts) panels. Select a panel to open a child flyout with full details.
```
Suggestion to avoid repeating "expandable section" since it's already stated on line 38 that they're all expandable.

Reviewer: > Expand or collapse this section to show or hide the diagram; your choice persists across sessions.

I think this is true for all three sections, since they're all expandable.
I also wonder if this is slightly "overdocumenting" the UI – this isn't a new UI pattern, and I think users would be familiar enough to know that clicking the arrow can expand or collapse sections.

Author: Yeah, I've wondered the same. I think it's safe to remove tbh
